docs: JR-574: Updates Service Registry CLI doc with PM+QE feedback (#657)
redhat-developer/app-services-guides: docs/registry/rhoas-cli-getting-started-registry/README.adoc

----

The CLI uses service contexts to group service instances against which commands are executed.
The current context is automatically updated so that the created {registry} instance is set as the current instance.

[NOTE]
====
If you do not want to use the default values, enter the following command: `rhoas service-registry create`.
You are prompted to enter the `Name` and optional `Description` for the {registry} instance.
====
--

. Verify that the {registry} instance is ready to use.
+
--

> .Reviewing the details of the {registry} instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Reviewing the {registry} instance details
```

Author: Done, thanks!

[NOTE]
====
By default, many of the `rhoas` commands provide output in JSON format. You can use the `-o` option to specify a different output format. For more information, see the command help as described in {base-url}{getting-started-rhoas-cli-url-registry}#proc-commands-managing-registry_getting-started-rhoas-service-registry[Commands for managing {registry}].
====
--

[id="proc-specifying-default-service-registry-instance-cli_{context}"]
== Specifying the default {registry} instance

[role="_abstract"]

> If you have multiple {registry} instances, you can configure a specific instance as the default {registry} instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have multiple {registry} instances, you can configure a default {registry} instance.
```

[NOTE]
====
You can use additional options, such as `--group` and `--version`, to specify the artifact to update.
For more information about any of the options, run the `rhoas service-registry artifact update -h` command to view the command help.
====
--

[id="proc-configuring-service-registry-rules_{context}"]
== Configuring {registry} rules

[role="_abstract"]
To prevent invalid content from being added to {registry}, you can configure optional rules to check the artifact content. Global rules apply to all artifacts in a particular {registry} instance. Artifact rules apply to the specified artifact only, and cannot be configured until the artifact is created. Configured artifact rules override any configured global rules.

> When you create an instance, the global rules are disabled by default. When you create an artifact, the artifact rules are disabled by default. To configure a global rule or artifact rule, you must first enable the rule. An artifact cannot be updated if the new content violates any of the enabled rules; in such cases, the registration fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create an instance, the global rules are disabled by default. When you create an artifact, the artifact rules are disabled by default. To configure a global rule or artifact rule, you must ensure that the rule is enabled. An artifact cannot be updated if the new content violates any of the enabled rules; in such cases, the registration fails.
```

Author: Done, thanks!
